And as always we're gonna start by setting up our indexation.
Again we're going to navigate through end of services section.
We're going to create two more comments.
What are we going to write.
I think we're gonna go with feature tours.
So why don't we in fact delete this and let's write each word worse then we're going to add for the
second one.
End of and feature two words then once we have our comments next one up I would like to create a section
with the classes again the generic section class with the padding.
Then of course we're also gonna have the class for the feature towards.
Or you can just go with featured so featured the worse.
Like so as well as the ADA.
Now Ida is going to be featured featured like so.
Now once we have this particular setup as far as the section Why don't we in fact start creating our
rest of the email which in fact is going to be the title.
Now you know what I'm going to change with the feature towards the doors.
So I'm just going to say class a featured and then within a section like I said we're gonna start with
the title.
So again we can just find a title then navigate to a title that we are interested in let's grab our
title let's copy and paste it.
Let's look for featured and then we go we have our title and we can just copy and paste it.
Now as far as the text within the title we are going to write featured doors and that's it.
Nothing really earth shattering.
Let's check it out.
We do have our featured doors.
Awesome.
Now in order to have some kind of distinguished layout here within the style CSX I'm also going out
right away a little bit of styling here.
So first of all let's select again both comments.
Delete them.
Let's write featured then again and off and off.
And then why don't we start by selecting this featured class and then let's add a background of main
white.
So let's go with the main white remember that was my color.
There you go.
Now I have my white background.
Then right after the title again we're gonna do the same thing where there's going to be some column
loud so we're gonna do that by featured center class.
And then of course I'm gonna have a div.
So they view the class of Section center with generic patterns already as well as the width and then
featured center feature center.
Now within this particular div why don't we start creating artworks.
So again let's write single tour.
I've been paste it and off single tour and then we're gonna have the article article with a class to
work hard so to war hard article and we're going to start with a image container.
Now why are we placing the image container.
Because I would like to have two things I would like to have the image as well as you notice there is
a date all the way in the top.
And in order to set this up we're gonna use a position absolute so we're gonna have the image container
that holds both the paragraph as well as the image and then we're gonna use position absolute in order
to place this paragraph all the way there on the top.
Now let's start by having our div by the class of tau I am G container and then within this div like
I said we're going to have the image and that's number one and I'm going to shoot for images folder
and then within the images folder I have 2 or 1 2 3 4 5 6 and I'm gonna use a one.
Then let's also add the class of Tor I am G just for the styling and let's just write awesome tor some
tor for our torrents of text and right after that we do have our program.
So why don't we set up paragraph with the class of Tor
and then let's just write August I don't know 14th of course in normal a scenario that is going to be
coming from your data.
So you're gonna change this dynamically in our case we're just gonna set up this statically with some
kind of value of August 14th 2019 name that is as far as our image content container is concerned so
why don't we write image container container and then we're gonna have the rest of the tour data just
to make sure that you don't place it within the container.
So why don't we add a comment here and I'm going to write to your footer and then we're going to have
a div in the class of two or four then within the div we're gonna have a few things.
First of all there's going to be a title.
So let's start by creating an issue for the class of Tor title and for the first one I'm going to write.
I bet I'd venture the venture would say that cause there is going to be my title and then there's going
to be a story for now why I'm creating this in a separate dev because I would like to have a two column
layout where there's going to be a country on one side and then some more info about it or how long
it takes.
And what would be the cost.
So this is going to be my second child and we're gonna have a two column layout now.
Now as for us to in info we just go with the dev of tour and for class info.
Class like so let's make sure we add that and then we're gonna start by having a paragraph with a class
of tour country and then within this paragraph why don't we add a span we our font awesome and overwrite
f a s f a map and then when we write some value.
So we have a span but we're also like to write some text and I'm gonna write China.
Okay one second.
Let's save that.
And there you go.
And you have my country now the second child is going to be a div with a class of toward details.
So two more details and then we're gonna have a paragraph with how long it takes.
So we're gonna say six days and let's go with the second paragraph from twenty one hundred twenty one
hundred.
Not say that.
And of course since we haven't implemented any C assess well everything is displayed one on top of the
other.
Now let's head over back to our single tour what selected.
So again from one comment to the end comment like so and I'm gonna copy and paste it three times.
One two three.
And now why don't we head over back and let's just change these values here.
So we started with our Tibet adventure.
Now the second one is going to be best of Java meaning the coffee Java not the programming language
Java.
And for that I'm gonna set up a two or image number two save it that is going to be my image then.
The date is going to be also a little bit different.
Why don't we write October.
And that's not what I wanted.
In fact I mean delete this.
Let's write OK over and we're going to go with first 2019.
Now this messes up a little bit my layout so why don't we set up my paragraph.
Yep.
There you go.
Then like I said best of Java is going to be name so best of Java is my name.
The country is in fact Indonesia Indonesia okay.
And then the tourist.
Days and the cost is forty one hundred.
Let's change that around.
Now next one up is image with a value of 2 or 3 0.
The date is September twenty sixth.
And again as always you can add whatever values you would like.
I was just spit balling here.
So September twenty sixth.
2019 on the Tor name is going to be explore crying Kong here.
Country is Hong Kong Kong.
How long.
Well why don't we go with 12 days.
It's a beautiful place.
Twelve days.
Thirty one hundred.
Let's say a little bit on the cheaper side let's say that.
And lastly there's going to be a two or number four.
It's going to take place on December 5th so it's right here.
December samba 5th like so.
And then it is going to be in Africa.
So all right.
Kenya high lights.
Lights like so the country is Kenya more you can leave China.
That would be interesting.
And then the tourist twenty two days.
And in fact the cost is fifty four hundred.
Always.
These are just some random values you can add to whatever you would like.
Now once we have our age the amount set up we're going to move on and start working in our CSX.